Samuel Shin
sayshin@ucsc.edu
1510580

Program Assignment 1: This program's purpose is to reimplement the dc which is a reverse polish desk calculator.
Instead of taking in long values, this program is to reimplement so that dc works with vectors to allow the 
calculation of larger numbers since longs can only hold a certain amount of data. Starter code was given to us
and our job was to manipulate the classes ubigint.cpp and bigint.cpp so that our version of dc (ydc) would work
similarily to dc. 

Special note: So I had trouble copying the .score directory into really any directory as no matter what i tried 
I always got denied access to it. So instead, I just copied and pasted everything into my own directory but I 
still couldn't run mk.build because I would get denied access from my working directory. I just ran the tests 
manually and compared my ydc outputs with dc's output. Everything seems to work okay except for my division 
operator. I tried my best to implement it but couldn't get it down. I tried following what Mackey said to do 
in divide_by_2 on Piazza but it still didn't work out. My divide and modulo work for simple cases like 
9 / 3 or 10 / 2, 8 / 4, etc. but don't work for anything else. It looks 3 of the 8 test cases have to do with
division test5, test6, and testx where test5 is the division test, 6 as the exponent which looks like it depends
on division working, and testx which has a little of everything. My exponent seems to hit an infinite loop when 
run and I'm not sure why either. I just ask for mercy in the grading because I've spent 12 hours no exaggeration
yesterday trying to figure these issues out. I'm new to c++ programming and trying to figure everything out has 
been quite the challenge. I can say that I have learned a lot especially in how vectors work and am grateful for 
the learning experience this program gave me. I just don't want to get punished as hard for not being able to 
figure out one operator's implementation. Again, I tried my hardest to get division to work and I hate to turn
in broken code but I just don't have anymore time to figure it out. Thank you for taking the time to read this
note!
